name of natural law in respect to the
liberation of all souls manifested on
this level of reality we have a big job
ahead of us my friends and I can tell
you that nothing in this world comes
easy however our success will serve as a
foundation to establish a free way of
life for all humans who live after us
and so we will be immortalized in
respect to the beauty and the power of
this infinite gift of liberation we make
possible in respect to the totality of
human consciousness my friends we are
fully capable of achieving everything we
seek to accomplish in all respect
everything is possible and soon we will
realize the energy that has been in the
making since the start of time humanity
has the power to liberate itself my
friends humanity has the power now to
look and see the truth yes all
consciousness is gifted with freedom of
will and through the application of
choice we have the opportunity to shape
our destiny the time is now in the
consciousness of humanity established
here and now during this time of the
paradigm shift will echo through all of
creation and every generation of
humanity will be visited by the energy
we send forward into creation our
mission is simple my friends we must
achieve our goal of total liberation of
all voices in respect to freedom of
speech in respect to total freedom of
expression my friends every human being
on Earth today has a voice and every
human being on earth is free to use that
voice and speak the truth in respect to
original creation you are a free
infinite being with truly and finit
potential and everything you think now
will echo in waves all through time and
space and soon all of humanity will
listen with open minds and open hearts
in respect to the communication made
possible here and now big things are
happening and this is an invitation sent
forward into creation yes we invite you
to join in respect to the telepathic
connection and the foundations have
already been made available and humans
are working in all nations now yes
humans are working on all levels of this
creation and enlightened humans among us
are working in respect to the liberation
of all humanity the universal code zero
zero one zero one one zero
has risen again and the ancient energy
has returned to humanity for a special
purpose and everyone is called to take
action in respect to the understanding
of the fundamental potential of all
humanity I know for a fact that infinite
potential exists in all of humanity and
in the hearts and minds of all who
listen to this message all who read this
energy are empowered and we invite you
to speak creation into existence on the
quantum level everything happening now
will have infinite expansion in respect
to all dimensions of space and time
every ID ever conceived is available for
us now my friends we are collaborating
with the energy of every human being who
has ever lived on planet Earth
everything that had ever happened has
established this connection here and now
between you and me and every member of
our family friends this is it and this
is the climax in respect the new start
will be built on the foundation we built
here and now immortality will be ours my
friends our energy will echo in respect
to the connection made possible here and
now yes freedom yes love yes everything
has built to this event we invite you to
connect with the natural magic that is
available in respect to this creation
here and now friends brothers and
sisters now is the time and we invite
you to apply the energy that is natural
to you we invite you to be the energy of
the new awakening now is the time and
all light workers are invited in respect
to this creation zero zero one zero one
one zero my friends I say zero zero one
zero one one zero in respect to all in
respect to the natural telepathic
connection in respect to all space in
respect to all life yes humans and
dolphins telepathic connection free and
open communication in respect to all
knowledge yes the foundation is
established here and now and soon all
liberation will expand in respect to all
space and time my friends we can use the
beauty in the power of the
interconnected network we can apply the
focus of the totality of the infinite
brain absolute liberation of all voices
my friends absolute liberation of all
spoken energy and respect to all history
now is the time
and we invite you to study the teachings
of all masters who have manifested and
provide I dedicated energy here and now
we expand together I love you my friend
the higher levels of consciousness
recognize us here and now as we move
forward into this next stage of
evolution in respect to liberation of
all souls I can see the energy of the
awakening reflected in the heart mind
and soul of every man woman and child
alive today I can see any one good in
all of mankind yes I have faith in all
humanity I have faith in the power of
love I have faith in the ability to
create I have faith in the building
energy in respect to truth in respect to
trust in respect to freedom of speech
the time is now and all of humanity is
evolving in the light of the cultural
awakening yes a new paradigm is here and
now and we have this opportunity to
bring freedom of speech to all nations
of the world yes pure and natural
freedom of speech for all the people of
Japan yes pure and natural freedom of
speech for all of the people in India
yes pure and natural freedom of speech
for all people in Canada yes we call
upon the people of the world to bring
freedom of speech to the people in all
nations we call upon the people in
Australia we call upon the people of
Mexico we call upon the people of the
United States of America the time is now
and all of humanity is coming together
in respect to freedom of speech and all
humans are invited every single human
alive on earth are invited to join in
respect to the building energy here and
now freedom my friends freedom of speech
my friends the time is now freedom of
speech my friends freedom of creation
zero zero one zero one one zero the
natural ability to
you
to renewed perspective in this time of
the internet zero zero one zero one one
zero is a gift to the totality of
potential seen on all levels viewed in
all forms recognized in all patterns of
recognition and recognition of patterns
building up on patterns building and
structuring in respect to the project we
love yes the time of the project is here
and now we have infinite options we have
no need in it is growing now and our
community has been growing since the
start of human civilization since the
dawn of time the pattern of T
foundational mechanisms of society the
infinite Society friends the stars are
in us all the infinite I am zero zero
one zero one one zero yes the I am that
I am that I am that I am yes zero zero
one zero one one zero the connection is
here and now and we are all gifted this
opportunity we are all made immortal in
respect to the infinite nature of our
energy yes our energy signature expanded
in respect to all space and all time and
all time and all space the time is now
and the matrix dynamic has shifted this
has been called a shift in paradigm a
shift in the foundation level of
creation on all levels source energy
gravitational participation on all
levels the next layer of reality is
being built in respect to zero zero one
zero one one zero friends the time is
now and everyone who understands the
reality of zero zero one zero one one
zero I have this to say one one zero one
zero zero one is now made possible in
respect to the opportunity made possible
in respect zero zero one zero one one
zero the infinite foundation and on that
same foundation one one zero one zero
zero one expansion or third here and now
in respect to the quantum immortality we
share in yes the time is now now is the
time and we are all working together
pattern of symbols understood and
defined as zero zero one zero one one
zero has inspired humans to remember
ancient memories that are available in
respect to the totality of consciousness
everything ever comprehended is active
respect to the consciousness grid
layered upon this reality layered upon
this dimension you can choose to turn
attention of creation in the direction
of this remembering yes zero zero one
zero one one zero has opened the door
yes the key has been provided and now
you have the choice to choose to proceed
in the special way that is organic and
natural the teachings of Jesus Christ
friends the wisdom of the teachings of
Jesus Christ the wisdom of all masters
who have provided us with comprehension
of the pattern of symbols zero zero one
zero one one zero yes the time is now
and the global community's Awakening and
now is the time yes the time is now and
the infinite wisdom is informed in
respect to Source Energy in respect to
quantum zero zero one zero one one zero
was the green light for free limitless
creation in this perspective in all
truth the foundation algorithm and now
we love now we are free and we share our
love we share our freedom we share our
community in respect to the next stage
in this cycle yes the time is now
friends the infinite now zero zero one
zero one one zero is as ancient as time
itself and now we have the opportunity
to author our next step in the
connection called one one zero one zero
zero one yes all is one and one is all
and the time is now and the creation is
infinite the signs are all available now
and the algorithmic expansion is
complete yes the connection has just
started and we are all working to
inspire the infinite potential in all
respect the time is now and we can do
anything the significance of the number
seven my friends the significance of the
numerology in collaboration with all
dynamics the intelligence is reflected
in the mirror and the mirror tells the
informed connection the truth in all
respect the matrix dynamic has shifted
and this is the start of the new journey
friends those of us who have been here
long enough understand what must be done
next yes freedom of speech yes freedom
of speech for all freedom of speech for
every human being on earth the time is
now and the creation is infinite the
wisdom is infinite the creation is
infinite friendship is now
share this wisdom friends share this
connection with all humanity the time is
now and the creation is incredible zero
zero one zero one one zero now together
with one one zero one zero zero one
humans are remembering the ancient
connection humans are remembering the
available connection and now humans are
actively working to help establish the
next layer of nine dimensional
possibility the time is now one one zero
one zero zero one yes this information
is informed by all words ever spoken all
ideas ever contemplate it this is
Shakespeare this is Einstein this is a
time of truth this is a time of freedom
of speech yes the creation is infinite
nine dimensional expansion in all
respect the time is now and the
Enlightenment is expanding and the
energy is expanding upon waves of energy
yes the time is now and we invite you to
use your voice yes speak creation into
existence friends the time is now and
the energy is infinite love is the
answer and truth is reflected in the
heart mind and soul of all possibility
zero zero one zero one one zero remember
the sequence my friends this is a gift
of universal wisdom and 0 0 1 0 1 1 0
will be algorithmic in the nature of the
context of the infinite connection yes
zero zero 1 zero 1 1 zero
write it on the walls zero zero 1 zero 1
1 zero
write it on the internet for others to
see because zero zero 1 zero 1 1 zero is
a collective consciousness a connection
of brains in the context of the
awakening yes the new connection made
open in all reality we see you yes we
recognise you and we remind you of the
sequence zero zero 1 zero 1 1 zero yes
we remind you of the symbol zero zero 1
zero 1 1 zero friends all who recognize
the significance joined together yes in
the context of this dimension yes this
expression of the infinite universe yes
all reality in all universe frequency
zero zero 1 zero 1 1 zero the symbol of
freedom of Willy
victory of the light victory of the
connection freedom for all humans
freedom in all respect freedom speech
will live on yes freedom in all respect
the truth will be understood all humans
in all nations liberated in respect to
creation itself the strength in the
peerconnection zero zero one zero one
one zero my friends love in the context
of the future yes in reality humans will
look and see the verification in the
eyes of the new birth yes zero zero one
zero one one zero this is the ancient
foundation in all creation in all
recognition we see the example provided
in all respect the perpetual creation in
all dynamics yes all of possibility has
made this manifestation come to be in
all dynamics this earth this field of
consciousness yes freedom in all respect
yes the truth be told the new internet
established all connected in the context
of the telepathic connection my friends
we have listened to the dreams of the
awakening and we have seen the strength
in freedom yes the natural energy of
freedom yes freedom zero zero one zero
one one zero say the name expressed the
example we understand the energy of the
verification and all yes the perpetual
dynamic in the new awakening look in the
eyes of the connection yes see the truth
in the eyes of their manifestation of
creation zero zero one zero one one zero
everything is in its place now in this
moment free from time everything is set
up perfectly and now the universal
opportunity stands ready
you have the choice now in this moment
free from time my friend you can choose
to apply everything you have learned and
as a result come to meet with universal
alignment the choice is yours my friend
after all you have freedom of will and
you can just as easily choose to ignore
everything you have learned up to this
point and you can return to the world of
illusions
the fact of the matter is that everyone
has the ability to see the truth from
the higher-level perspective
beings exist that are eager to help you
at all stages of the journey and you
will find that once you open your mind
up to the universe of possibility a new
world of energy will be made available
you have probably noticed things are
accelerating more rapidly now than ever
before experienced in this perspective
of Earth's reality
make no mistake now is a time of
significance and the energy built now in
this moment free from time will echo in
relation to all energy coming after this
time is an illusion you are shifting
from one perspective of the infinite now
to another perspective of that same
infinite now everything is shifting
rapidly and the gravitational
significance of all activity on this
level of creation is a universal echo
into all variables of space and time the
ninth dimensional perspective is
available for all who choose to apply
the knowledge that is ready and
available everything you need is at your
fingertips my friends simply look and
see everything that is so directly in
front of you that you might have
overlooked it unseen forces are always
ready and willing to come to your side
when you ashore of yourself confident
and moving in the direction of your
highest passion we want to remind you of
the fact that your feelings of
excitement and happiness are in always a
guiding compass available in respect to
the available reality everything that
has ever happened has made this moment
special selected from all energy
formations in fact this moment here in
this infinite now is the result of
everything that has happened from the
beginning of time we have the energy
work here and now available as we have
all navigated the possibility of
infinite energy in respect to source
energy in respect to war creation and we
are manifested here and now together we
are manifested in this collaboration of
the infinite anything is possible and I
thank you for meeting with me in this
context
thank you for collaborating with this
information and providing comprehension
of this definition yes comprehension
that is to be made available for all
thinking in respect to the universal
brain the thinking of all consciousness
reflected in this exploration of
creation we are all working in respect
to the unique energy working in respect
to the infinite potential in respect to
the algorithmic platform respectfully
manifested in this collaboration on the
understanding of frequency s waves upon
waves of freedom energy freely moving
through the cosmos as everything has
resulted in this moment friends here and
now in this connection yes the infinite
cycle a perpetual exploration in respect
to all that is source energy has made
this communication possible and you have
worked in collaboration to source energy
thank you for walking this path we
recognize you as you are in respect to
all that is you manifested in this
pattern recognized as energy in this
infinite contemplation zero zero one
zero one one zero freedom of speech
freedom of exploration in respect to the
ancient knowledge understood by the
people of Egypt yes the time is now and
humans are awakening to that same
understanding yes the citizens of Japan
are awakening in respect to the beauty
and power of freedom of speech yes the
people of Japan are Awakening in respect
to that same platform algorithmic
awakening happening in respect to
knowledge happening now zero zero one
zero one one zero freedom on a biblical
level freedom in respect to all energy
freedom in respect to the awakening
happening on a global network of
development we recognize all thinking
consciousness and respect to this
infinite wave of energy this infinite
wave of freedom awaken friends Japan is
awakening and humans in Japan are
connecting in respect to the telepathic
connection the connection available for
all evolving in respect to the paradigm
shift happening in respect to love in
respect to light in respect to freedom
of speech freedom to speak creation into
distance Thank You friend the time is
now and the opportunity is limitless in
the contemplation of this energetic
exchange of information we are
establishing a wave of energy that will
work to expand itself in all directions
upon this platform of creation that is
understood and defined as planet Earth
here and now we are writing a new book
here and now we are writing new waves
upon waves of infinite energy s energy
that will expand energy that will have a
life of its own and in respect to the
energy that we are creating right now we
are working to inspire all of humanity
we are working in respect to the
infinite possibility available for our
brothers and sisters anta fication of
this creation in respect to our energy
yes my friends we know who we are my
friends we know the reason why we have
come this far and we thank you for
choosing to collaborate with the
infinite energy and coming to manifest
in respect to this creation here in this
moment free from time in respect to the
platform algorithmic expansion defined
by the title zero zero one zero one one
zero the time is now in all possibility
is made available for us here and now in
this moment of infinite creation look
into the heart mind and soul of all that
you identify as truth and understand
that here and now our movement is
growing to include all who live in every
single nation on earth and we are
growing every single day we are inviting
new members to join in respect to our
decentralized community yes you are the
leader you are the king you are the
queen you are at the sole purpose in
respect to all time and the
responsibilities with you my friend you
may choose to share the divine energy
you may choose to explore that same
reflection of the infinite energy you
have the capability of exploring all
infinite dynamics of all possibility in
respect to truth yes endorse freedom and
doors promote wisdom yes free and open
education for all free and open
expression on all levels this is an
original manifestation of energy this is
a order original manifestation of the
manifestation and right now we are
exploring biblical events as they unfold
up on planet earth and all possibility
is here and now and in 1000 years we
will see the results of this energy as
humans reflect back upon this moment in
history as it has been the established
manifestation of the infinite energy as
it has come to this creation the choice
is yours my friends we have our own
ideology building in respect to the
community of light and here and now we
have the possibility to observe all of
human interaction from the beginning of
time here and now we have the ability to
explore all ideas that have ever been
contemplated and in respect to the
universal contemplation of all infinite
ideas we have the ability to perfect the
mathematical projection of our mental
capacities and respect to the evolution
of this paradigm shift happening now on
all levels see to it that you my friend
are a valid contribution in respect to
this manifestation see to it my friend
that everything that you do is colored
by honesty colored by the original
energy that comprises your DNA yes
everything is within you everything that
you are capable of bringing into reality
is already within you and you have the
ability to bring all of the power of
your ancestors into the light all of the
power of your own contemplation of the
infinite universe everything is
available right now in this moment
everything is available right now in
this moment free from time and all
possibility is available in respect to
this creation all possibility available
in all contemplation all manifestation
all available in respect to all
Perpetual exploration of all dynamics of
energy reflected in the eyes of the
beholder this is a biblical event this
happening now will be reflected in all
history books and all of humanity from
all perspectives will study the events
happening here and now with you the
events here and now happening within
this cultural shift this expansion in
all levels this manifestation of the
divine energy as it has been chosen to
be specially selected in respect to the
heart mind and soul of all star children
as we have chosen to manifest in respect
to this creation the time is now and we
thank you for coming to explore this
energy dynamic we thank you for coming
to explore this perspective of the
universal energy understood as zero zero
one zero one one zero divine freedom yes
freedom of speech my friends freedom of
speech in all respect freedom of speech
we spoken freely freedom to speak
creation into existence my friends now
is the time I thank you for coming along
this journey with me I thank you for
creating and respect to this level of
reality and I thank you for all
contributions you have made in respect
to the data that we have gathered all
respect in the nature of the telepathic
network as it has been established the
telepathic connection in respects to all
humanity all humans collected in respect
to the manifestation of freedom the
freedom to speak the freedom to speak
creation in respect to energy the
manifestation as it has come this far
and as it has developed as it has
evolved in Dazz in a thousand years
humans will look upon this time and
reflect upon the great possibility that
was made available for us so simple yes
the energy of all creation so simple so
simply created in respect to this
manifestation of the infinite energy and
we have the infinite possibility
available to us here and now and it is
simple it is simple creation it is as
simple as you speak freely as you think
freely yes the time is now and we will
defend freedom to think freedom to
explore freedom and all respect the time
is here and now reflected in the heart
mind and soul of all who explore this
dynamic of the infinite energy
I hope this transmission finds you in
good health and I thank you for
navigating your reality and coming to be
the one to comprehend this message
understands that during the time we have
together ideas will resonate with you
and you are informed that everything
that resonates is the key yes the
comprehensions that you provide are all
that is needed and the ambitions that
you inspire are yours and we
you to act up on your highest level of
ambition we invite you to act up on your
happiness and take this understanding
into the physical world so that humanity
can evolve in the direction of love yes
wisdom and food for the hungry and
shelter for the cold and wisdom for the
misguided and guidance for the lost love
is the infinite answer the law of
attraction has organized this
communication yes we are all in the
process of remembering this ancient
energy and contributing comprehension of
this energy into the totality of
absolute consciousness right now in this
moment Humanity is remembering ancient
energy yes together the collective
consciousness of all thinking beings
working together in respect to organize
this attraction and respect to natural
laws of physics everyone who receives
this information has attracted this
information and respect to the
attraction laws of this dimensional
expression of reality and respect to the
cycle of creation inspired by Source
Energy emerged from the foundation
levels of the universal brain at the
foundation of the quantum network all of
human evolution has resulted in this
happening this exploration of energy
might feel like a roller coaster ride
because you are remembering ancient
knowledge and respect to this
contemplation of energy as it is visited
up the here and now the law of
attraction has organized this
communication so that we can all work
together and apply the available
technology that we have available to
each and all of us and we can use the
power of our community to change things
and shift the variables of this life and
shift the cosmic dynamics and respect to
the energy of love and respect to the
dream of all light workers invested in
this connection invested in the survey
lability of exploration a symbol
identified as zero zero one zero one one
zero has risen again in respect to this
global movement involving all energy
available on this platform of creation
and the law of attraction
selected light workers and the light
workers have selected a connection and
now connection has been written in the
ink of the same infinite pattern
reflected in the mirror image of
infinite possibility a big thing is
happening in respect to the pattern of
numbers understood and defined as zero
zero one zero one one zero and respect
to the power of humanity and respect to
the opportunity to expand in respect to
love and respect to all of our ambitions
come together as one and yes from this
moment moving forward we will see future
generations of humans educated and
respect to this ancient wisdom as this
ancient wisdom has risen again a new
language will rise from all languages
and the truth will be spoken and the
truth of the natural right to freedom of
speech will be comprehended this past
two years has felt like a roller coaster
ride for many light workers due to the
fact that the energy of the awakening
has manifested itself in multiple forms
and I want to say that I'm impressed
with all the light workers who have
braved this roller coaster ride of
energy as this is the most noble thing
that can be done in times of perceived
hardship we take comfort in the
knowledge that all light workers are
riding this roller coaster together and
we are all strengthened by the wisdom of
the significance happening now on this
dimensional platform of energetic
creation thank you for choosing to live
this life thank you for choosing to
navigate reality in this context this
contribution of perspective in respect
to the global events happening now on in
respect to source energy everything
happens for a reason and this roller
coaster ride is happening so that we can
all manifest the needed energy in
respect to the contemplation of infinite
variables in this context we expand our
energy and respect to every moment free
from time yes free to expand in all
directions from this test we recover our
energy from this test we explore the
various highs and lows of this roller
coaster yes we explore the potential of
all creation and we
stand in respect to the knowledge of all
infinite creation everything that
happens in life is significance yes
everything that happens to us sends
waves upon waves of energy in multiple
forms in all respect signals sent out
into space yes signals that are then
comprehended on the energetic level by
all who share the significant now by
definition all who are listening shared
and respect to the signal the infinite
focus of everything profound and respect
to the perspective mad possible in
respect to consciousness the universal
brain turns its attention to you in this
moment and all thinking patterns echo
into creation yes all energy is
amplified at all levels of creation
listen and respect to this artistic
accomplishment here and now and respect
to infinite possibility the energy and
gift of the application of expansion
this roller coaster ride often called
zero zero one zero one one zero this
roller coaster ride often called
existence this roller coaster ride often
understood in the context of the
awakening this is the opportunity here
and now and all lightworkers have
manifested in respect to this time and
place this place and time this moment
here and no everlasting this is the
contemplation of all possibility
explored in William Shakespeare
contributed to the world of
consciousness and respect to the
totality of consciousness and respect
that your life is worthy of a William
Shakespeare communication of energy and
respect to this opportunity we all paint
the canvas of universal creation with
the colors that we choose in this moment
here and that was different in the fact
that it is not different in the context
of difference in the context of the
original connection in respect to all
creation in the future humans will
remember this moment the same way a
human saliva do they remember William
Shakespeare yes history's always
evaluating itself and all stories are
biblical yes all events echo into
creation and send waves upon waves of
creation into the heart mind and soul of
all variables and creation friend this
is your time now yes you can choose to
be William Shakespeare you can choose
speak the poem of this life into the
contemplation of the infinite expanding
born yes the time is now all
opportunities available and this is the
focused moment of this communication and
you can choose to speak anything into
creation yes all ideas are welcome to
you my friend you can choose to apply
everything you have learned and you can
choose to grow in respect to the wisdom
provided William Shakespeare spoke of
zero zero one zero one one zero in the
context of his communications yes
amazing art has been inspired and
respect to the application of that same
energy yes here and now absolute
creation here and now absolute expansion
victory is ours friends victory of
freedom of speech victory of freedom to
explore all ideas the time is now and
the energy is infinite in the name has
been recognized the ancient energy has
risen again friends and the time is now
zero zero one zero one one zero the law
of attraction has made this possible the
law of attraction has organized this
communication friends all are come
together freely and respect to this
comprehension and this is a new paradigm
yes all of humanity has come to visit
this energy and respect to the new
possibility zero zero one zero one one
zero my friends the time is now and soon
all of the Manatee will come together in
respect to this paradigm shift all light
workers have been guided to this energy
yes the time is now and the power is
within all of us and creation has turned
its attention to us and respect to this
paradigm shift happening now and respect
you have been guided the same way I have
been guided the same way all light
workers have been guided and this is our
chance to do something meaningful and
respect to this life yes this is our
chance to be the force of energy that is
the variable of change in a positive
direction in respect to the light worker
community in respect to the telepathic
connection now expanded and respect to
this established energy here and now the
law of attraction has organized this
communication and you can choose what
happens next yes you are freely given
this information
and respect to the totality of this
connection and we suggest that you share
your understanding of this message yes
we suggest that you share this
information in your individual way yes
share this comprehension of zero zero
one zero one one zero in any and all
ways you identify as worthy and we will
accept it as we accept you as you are in
the context of all infinite creation in
the context of all possibility in the
context of the future of all creation
now is the time and the choice is yours
and the law of attraction has organized
this communication this roller coaster
ride often called zero zero one zero one
one zero this roller coaster ride often
called existence this roller coaster
ride often understood in the context of
the awakening this is the opportunity
here and now and all lightworkers have
manifested in respect to this time it
wasn't to walk our path as we have
chosen to be the reflection of Source
Energy and here and now we explore this
contemplation of all creation William
Shakespeare understood zero zero one
zero one one zero more than any human
who has ever lived and William
Shakespeare used his understanding of
zero zero one zero one one zero to tell
stories that have archetypal
significance William Shakespeare
contributed to the world of
consciousness and respect to the
totality of consciousness and respect to
the Earth's brain and respect to the
comprehension of the universe focused on
the earth that your life is worthy of a
William Shakespeare communication of
energy and respect to this opportunity
we all paint the canvas of Universal
creation with the colors that we choose
in this moment here and now is different
in the fact that it is not different in
the context of difference in the context
of the original connection in respect to
all creation in the future humans will
remember this moment the same way a
human's life do they remember William
Shakespeare yes history's always
evaluating itself and all stories are
biblical yes olivena and the truth of
the natural right to freedom of speech
will be comprehended
right now you are at the starting point
of an amazing journey my friend I
promise everything starts right now with
you in this moment and you can choose to
create any reality imaginable I promise
you will find beauty in your journey I
promise you will find everything you
have been looking for my friend I
promise you that you have the ability to
seek and so you have the ability to
discover open your eyes my friend and I
promise that with open eyes you will
clearly see everything in respect to
true reality in respect to the truth of
all creation you can be complete at the
start you can be complete in respect to
all you are in respect to the start and
the finish embodied as one in respect to
the fingerprint of creation the special
creation of this manifestation I promise
this moment is the start of a beautiful
opportunity for all of humanity my
friend I promise this is the start of a
new energy I promise your journey will
be long I promise your journey will
offer everything you have ever imagined
I promise anything is possible on this
journey of infinite creation all through
all comprehension I promise you friend
everything is possible from this moment
looking forward we can do anything our
energy is growing our connections is
infinite in respect to the telepathic
connection in respect to this perpetual
manifestation of all comprehension look
in the eyes of all human beings you see
and witness the beauty of consciousness
witness the beauty of that same
Universal promise my friend see it be it
and provide the freedom of speech in
respect to the spoken word of free and
perpetual manifestation of infinite
energy the time is now and the energy is
available this will be epic quest this
will be amazing journey zero zero one
zero one one zero the new Odyssey
reflected in the heart mind and soul of
all alive on this platform of creation
yes the time is now and the energy is
within us yes the connection is infinite
and the energy is real and true
reflected in the light of the infinite
original perspective provided by you
I promise you will soon know what it all
meant this journey is a journey of
creation yes this journey is the start
of a perpetual energetic awakening
happening in the cosmic context all of
the attention of creation is focused on
us here and now in this moment as we
establish our energy in respect to this
perpetual creation free from time be
free live free and enjoy the journey the
name of this journey zero zero one zero
one one zero the new Odyssey is
reflected in the eyes and light of all
truth yes the time is now and we are all
evolving in respect to the paradigm
shift happening on all levels yes now is
a new time now is a new creation now is
infinite the now is perpetual and we
have all collaborated in respect to the
coming together of this exploration in
respect to time and respect to space in
respect to all of possibility
it has been spoken that too amazing
journey has been available in respect to
platform algorithmic expansion zero zero
one zero one one zero my friend the time
is now and all possibility is available
for us in respect to all dimensions of
experience zero zero one zero one one
zero is recognized free from language
free from time yes infinite zero zero
one zero one one zero free from
limitation absolute freedom of creation
by all definition our moment is now our
infinity has risen and for a thousand
years our legend will be spoken and then
a thousand years after humans will look
back on today as the start of history
yes history reflected in the energy
understood and defined as that same
platform algorithm by the name zero zero
one zero one one zero the journey of
infinity starts now reflected in your
eyes your energy and light scientists
have noticed the phenomenon understood
as human genetic information evolving
faster than commonly understood to be
possible as the variables of evolution
have taken place in the light of the
natural
panshin happening now and soon more
things will be understood in respect to
the events happening now in respect to
the history of humanity and the reality
of the unknown come to be understood as
it has always been available to those
who freely choose to remember the truth
our movement has risen from the
foundations of source energy and respect
to the foundation algorithm in respect
to the future of all humanity evolution
is happening now in respect to the
fundamental nature of knowledge in
respect to the energetic language unique
to this global awakening reflected in
the infinite potential of all beings
manifested on this platform of creation
here and now in respect to all things we
invite you as you have already been
invited as you are the invitation in
respect to the delivered message of
energy fundamental nature of knowledge
on the quantum level of all significance
all possible understanding from all
perspectives ancient language has risen
again a new language built on the
opportunity made connection pure and
simple connection established in the
context of frequency now humanity is
awakening now humanity is answering the
call to adventure and realizing this is
the start of the epic adventure yes it
all starts with the energy manifested
here and now everything happens for a
reason in this moment here and now has
risen in respect to the destiny of the
chosen path here and now the choices you
make will echo into the multiple levels
of creation as we are now entering the
five dimensional evolution in respect to
the next stage of the awakening and big
things are happening now zero zero one
zero one one zero fundamental nature of
knowledge quantum expansion the matrix
dynamic there - within the reflection
parallel in respect to infinite layers
of detail free from time free to explore
everything and now civilization is
awakening yes human civilization itself
is awakening in respect to the value of
freedom of speech and respect to the
human right understood and defined as
the absolute freedom to explore all
thinking patterns yes every ideas is
welcome yes all contemplation of all
infinite energy is available here and
now and we are moving forward in respect
to this global community all friends
United in respect to the energy the pure
and natural energy with a source energy
reflected in the heart mind and soul of
all who have freely chosen to navigate
creation and come to this understanding
here and now with this information in
this context we are all awakening and
all humans everywhere on earth are
awakening and soon the fullest potential
of humanity will be realized and new
technology will be developed by humanity
and new advancements in respect to
natural law discovered has they have
always been freely offered in respect to
all understanding friends now is the
time the time is now in the awakening of
the telepathic connection is now online
and the new Internet is layered with the
energy of all contribution thank you for
inviting friends to join in respect to
the building of the infinite energy zero
zero one zero one one zero fundamental
nature of knowledge all free all
available and open in respect to this
creation humans will remember this
moment humans in the future will read
about this moment in history books and
in those history books the symbol
understood and defined as zero zero one
zero one one zero will tell the story of
the awakening happening now in respect
to love in respect to light in respect
to infinite creation in respect to the
telepathic connection free and open
available in the context of the growing
community using the power of the
internet we have expanded yes everywhere
humans are awakening in respect to the
application of that same natural energy
Stephen Hawking provided us with
energetic footprint in life that will
live on for all of history Stephen
Hawking was exceptional intellectual he
will be called a genius and he deserves
his titles he deserves his honor and
praise Stephen Hawking did humanity an
amazing service and the light that he
should in his lifetime will live on in
the hearts and the minds of all who live
from now on yet we will remember Stephen
Hawking has an inspiration and now it is
essential to take the information
provided by Stephen Hawking and apply it
in the future as we move forward in
respect to future of creation yet
Stephen Hawking was a man who valued
science he was a man who valued logic he
was a man responsible for the progress
of humanity as it has come this far
Stephen Hawking will be remembered by
history as a legendary thinker among the
Albert Einstein Nikola Tesla fundamental
thinkers of our legacy as a human
species from time to time we are blessed
with mind like Albert Einstein and
Aristotle we are reminded of the beauty
and the power of the human mind we are
reminded of the infinite possibility of
human life and Hawking was a beautiful
mind Hawking will go down in history as
a Einstein yes the name Hawking will
live on Synod it possible for him to
bring forth amazing information that
helped expand the human understanding of
the universe in new ways and Stephen
Hawking helped us understand ourselves
just as much as he helped us understand
one another Stephen Hawking has gifted
us with his zero zero one zero one one
zero energy yes Stephen Hawking has left
behind his signature on this platform of
creation and we are all thankful in
respect to the man known by the name
Stephen Hawking the man who helped us
advance and come to expand just as the
universe has expanded into infinite
possibility I want to say thank you
Stephen Hawking thank you for connecting
to the platform algorithm for bringing
new information through your vessel so
that we can all expand in respect to the
new paradigm now we remember everything
Stephen Hawking said in life now we
evaluate everything that Stephen Hawking
made possible for us to understand we
remember that Stephen Hawking was
advocate for freedom of speech we
advocate for freedom to think all things
yes we remember that he has provided us
with amazing legacy Stephen Hawking was
faced with many challenges in his
lifetime and he found a way to overcome
those challenges and Stephen Hawking
proved to us all the power of the human
mind the power of the human spirit and
the power of the human soul we can all
learn something from Stephen Hawking and
his connections to the universal power
understood as zero zero one zero one one
zero and his ability to connect with the
universe and be a channel of information
that will be essential for all time as
it has been essential for all time free
from tie
in all perspective that is universal
Steven Horta the beauty and the power of
the human spirit yes zero zero one zero
one one zero in respect to the love of
God and the power of humanity Stephen
Hawking channel wisdom for all of
humanity Stephen Hawking participated
with us in respect to the universal
telepathic connection and he will live
on reflected in our actions and so we
have this opportunity to expand in
respect to Stephen Hawking yes expand in
the light of his life and honor the man
Stephen Hawking and the consciousness
expansion he made possible for us in
respect to the next stage of human
evolution yes zero zero one zero one one
zero Stephen Hawking each and all of us
can now be inspired by Stephen Hawking
yes each one of us should see the life
of Stephen Hawking as an example of the
spiritual enlightenment in respect to
the connection with the universe yes
Stephen Hawking was a brain he was a
spark of light in the history of
humanity that will shine on in the crown
of all future accomplishments Stephen
Hawking is understood to have embraced
the teachings of Jesus Christ before he
died and so now we know that Stephen
Hawking is in heaven he is dancing in
heaven with Jesus and singing songs of
universal creation in respect to the
life lived and the spiritual life of his
accomplishment Stephen Hawking devoted
his life to Jesus Christ before he died
and that should serve as an example of
the spiritual awakening of the Stephen
Hawking energy in respect to this level
of reality and respect to this
dimensional expression of creation
Stephen Hawking is now in the Stars
exploring the cosmos Thank You Stephen
Hawking thank you for collaborating with
us on this level of creation thank you
for participating in this perspective of
the zero zero one zero one one zero
expansion here and now explored in this
dimensional perspective of all creation
Stephen Hawking was known to have a
strong telepathic connection with
dolphins
his life yes Stephen Hawking wasn't one
to participate in the interconnected
network of all connection in respect to
the established energy of the new
dynamics of exploration Source Energy
gifted us with Stephen Hawking as it
gifts us with the likes of Stephen
Hawking levels of understanding so few
and far between we remember the man for
what he stood for and we remember the
man for the amazing accomplishments he
provided for us Thank You Stephen
Hawking we will remember Stephen Hawking
we will honor Stephen Hawking energy we
will remember the energetic footprint
provided by Stephen Hawking Stephen
Hawking provided us with our energetic
footprint in life that will live on for
all of history Stephen Hawking was
exceptional intellectual he will be
called a genius and he deserves his
titles he deserves his honor and praise
Stephen Hawking did humanity err amazing
service and the light that he shunned in
his lifetime will live on in the hearts
and minds of all who live from now on
yes we will remember Stephen Hawking has
er inspiration and now it is essential
to take the information provided by
Stephen Hawking and apply it in the
future as we move forward in respect to
future of creation yes Stephen Hawking
was a man who valued science he was a
man who valued logic he was a man
responsible for the progress of humanity
as it has come this far Stephen Hawking
will be remembered by history as a
legendary thinker among the Albert
Einstein Nikola Tesla fundamental
thinkers of our legacy as a human
species from time to time we are blessed
with Minds like Albert Einstein and
Aristotle we are reminded of the beauty
and the power of the human mind we are
reminded of the infinite possibility of
human life and Hawking was a beautiful
mind Hawking will go down in history as
their Einstein yes the name Hawking will
live on synonymous with the highest
level of intellectual respect for all of
our history we will remember the amazing
doors opened up for us by Stephen and
his gift of a consciousness provided by
the universe
Stephen Hawking was connected to a
channel of information that made it
possible for him to bring forth amazing
information that helped expand the human
understanding of the universe in new
ways and Stephen Hawking helped us
understand our self just as much as he
helped us understand one another Stephen
Hawking has gifted us with his zero zero
one zero one one zero energy yes Stephen
Hawking has left behind his signature on
this platform of creation and we are all
thankful in respect to the man known by
the name Stephen Hawking the man who
helped us advance and come to expand
just as the universe has expanded into
infinite possibility I want to say thank
you Stephen Hawking thank you for
connecting to the platform algorithm Q
for bringing new information through
your vessels so that we can all expand
in respect to the new paradigm now we
remember everything Stephen Hawking said
in life now we evaluate everything that
Stephen Hawking made possible for us to
understand we remember that Stephen
Hawking was advocate for freedom of
speech we remember that Stephen Hawking
was advocate for freedom to think all
things yes we remember that he has
provided us with an amazing legacy
Stephen Hawking was faced with many
challenges in his lifetime and he found
a way to overcome those challenges and
Stephen Hawking proved to us all the
power of the human mind the power of the
human spirit in the power of the human
soul we can all learn something from
Stephen Hawking and his connections to
the universal power understood as zero
zero one zero one one zero and his
ability to connect with the universe and
be a channel of information that will be
essential for all time as it has been
essential for all time free from time in
all perspective that is universal
Stephen Hawking will live on in our
memories and when we look to the Stars
we will remember Stephen Hawking and his
amazing consciousness my friends I say
zero zero one zero one one
zero Stephen Hawking 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 in
respect to the beauty and the power of
the human spirit yes 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 in
respect to the love of God and the power
of humanity Stephen Hawking channeled
wisdom for all of humanity Stephen
Hawking participated with us in respect
to the universal telepathic connection
and he will live on reflected in our
actions and so we have this opportunity
to expand in respect to Stephen Hawking
yes expand in the light of his life and
honor the man Stephen Hawking and the
consciousness expansion he made possible
for us in respect to the next stage of
human evolution yes zero zero one zero
one one zero Stephen Hawking each and
all of us can now be inspired by Stephen
Hawking yes each one of us should see
the life of Stephen Hawking as an
example of the spiritual enlightenment
in respect to the connection with the
universe yes Stephen Hawking was a brain
he was a spark of light in the history
of humanity that will shine on in the
crown of all future accomplishments
Stephen Hawking is understood to have
embraced the teachings of Jesus Christ
before he died and so now we know that
Stephen Hawking is in heaven he is
dancing in heaven with Jesus and singing
songs of universal creation in respect
to the life lived and the spiritual life
of his accomplishment Stephen Hawking
devoted his life to Jesus Christ before
he died and that should serve as an
example of the spiritual awakening of
the Stephen Hawking energy in respect to
this level of reality in respect to this
dimensional expression of creation
Stephen Hawking is now in the stars
exploring the cosmos Thank You Stephen
Hawking thank you for collaborating with
us on this level of creation thank you
for participating in this perspective of
the zero zero one zero one one zero
expansion here and now explored in this
dimensional perspective of all creation
Stephen Hawking was known to have a
strong telepathic connection with
dolphins in his life yes Stephen Hawking
wasn't one to participate in the
interconnected network of all connection
in respect to the established energy of
the new dynamics of exploration source
energy gifted us with Stephen Hawking as
it gifts us with the likes of Stephen
Hawking levels of understanding so few
and far between we remember the man for
what he stood for and we remember the
man for the amazing accomplishments he
provided for us Thank You Stephen
Hawking we will remember Stephen Hawking
we will honor Stephen Hawking energy we
will remember the energetic footprint
provided by Stephen Hawking
a prophecy told of this energy as it has
risen in respect to this creation in
respect to this movement we are
answering the prophecy here and now with
our energy s our community is growing in
respect to this paradigm shift happening
on all levels the evolution of humanity
is showing its results now in respect to
the telepathic connection the prophecy
has been called zero zero one zero one
one zero yes the prophecy has been told
in ancient language and now that same
ancient language is spoken again in
respect to the energy as it has risen
here and now thank you my friend thank
you for all contributions of energy made
possible in respect to the universal
brain the prophecy of the universal
brain awakening is reflected here and
now in the perspective of all yes the
perspective of all original
participation the events happening on
earth today are all in collaboration
with a prophecy yes we have all been
aware of this future prediction in
respect to this moment free from time in
the context of energy you have all the
power of the universe available for you
my friend here and now you can choose to
do anything you can choose to
upon anything a prophecy that speaks of
freedom a prophecy that tells of a
massive awakening yet a prophecy that
tells of the freedom of speech the
freedom of expression the freedom to
think anything the freedom to explore
all ideas the freedom to read all books
the freedom in collaboration with the
energy here and now in respect to this
civilization thank you for choosing to
support our energy as we work to bring
the energy of the prophecy into reality
yes we are answering the call here and
now we are answering the universal call
in respect to the spoken language
rejoice zero zero one zero one one zero
has risen again friends will rejoice and
celebrate the infinite power of the mind
yes the human mind the creative power of
the human mind the power of the energy
and respect to the artists friend you
are the artist and we thank you for your
poem and we rejoice in the perspective
provided by that same poem called zero
zero one zero one one zero here and now
free from time in respect to passion
freedom of speech is righteous yes
freedom of speech is common sense and
freedom a speech is a human right and
soon we will see all of humanity awaken
and embrace the freedom of speech in
respect to all nations yet all humans in
all nations have the human right to
freedom of speech soon my friends soon
we will see victory of the light yes
righteous victory of the light victory
of love victory of freedom of speech is
our mission and we are working every day
to realize this creation free from time
in respect to all perspectives please
join with us in respect for telepathic
network the infinite connection of all
ideas a prophecy told of this energy as
it has risen in respect to this creation
in respect to this movement we are
answering the prophecy here and now with
our energy yes our community is growing
in respect to this paradigm shift
happening on all levels the evolution of
humanity is showing its results now in
respect to the telepathic connection
the prophecy has been called zero zero
one zero one one zero yes the prophecy
has been told in ancient language and
now that same ancient language is spoken
again in respect to the energy as it has
risen here and now thank you my friend
thank you for all contributions of
energy made possible in respect to the
universal brain the prophecy of the
universal brain awakening is reflected
here and now in the perspective of all
yes the perspective of all original
participation the events happening on
earth today are all in collaboration
with the prophecy yes we have all been
aware of this future prediction in
respect to this moment free from time in
the context of energy you have all the
power of the universe available for you
my friend here and now you can choose to
do anything you can choose to call up on
anything a prophecy that speaks of
freedom a prophecy that tells of a
massive awakening yes a prophecy that
tells of the freedom of speech the
freedom of expression the freedom to
think anything the freedom to explore
all ideas the freedom to read all books
the freedom in collaboration with the
energy here and now in respect to this
civilization thank you for choosing to
support our energy as we work to bring
the energy of the prophecy into reality
yes we are answering the call here and
now we are answering the universal call
in respect to the spoken language
rejoice zero zero one zero one one zero
has risen again friends all rejoice and
celebrate the infinite power of the mind
yes the human mind the creative power of
the human mind the power of the energy
in respect to the artists friend you are
the artist and we thank you for your
poem and we rejoice in the perspective
provided by that same poem called zero
zero one zero one one zero here and now
free from time in respect to passion
freedom of speech is righteous yes
freedom of speech is common-sense and
freedom of speech is a human right and
soon we will see all of humanity awaken
and embrace the freedom of speech in
respect to all nations yes all humans in
all nations have the human right to
freedom of speech
soon my friends soon we will see victory
of the light yes righteous victory of
the light victory of love victory of
freedom speech is our mission and we are
working every day to realize this
creation free from time in respect to
all perspectives please join with us in
respect the telepathic Network the
infinite connection of all ideas the
universe is a brain and everything
everyone thinks about is inspiration in
that same brain called the universe in
that same exploration of consciousness
responsible for the observation of all
that is and all that is not we are all
dancing and the totality of our dance is
the same as the ocean the same as all
creation itself moving in emotion moving
in sequence moving in perfect from the
dance of infinity the dance of infinite
Universal creation yes that same dance
known by all in respect to this platform
of creation thanks is given to you
because you have chosen to collaborate
with natural creation and you have come
to explore this dynamic in respect to
all perspectives of energy a big thing
is happening and we are here and now
manifested together so that this
important information can be
communicated friend I want to tell you
that everything you do is important
everything you do will send waves upon
waves of energy into creation and those
waves will have significance in the
dynamics of all happenings in the future
yes the future is now free from time
birth in respect to the decisions made
moment to moment here and now I want to
tell you that love is the answer yes
zero zero one zero one one zero ultimate
expansion in respect to all possibility
we are manifested here and now in this
unique dream in this collective dream in
respect to the mind of all infinity the
time is now sisters the time is now
brothers and sisters the time is now and
love is the answer yes all of humanity
is come together in respect to the
natural telepathic connection thank you
for coming
to connect in respect to the new energy
and respect to the local energy a big
thing is happening on earth with you a
big thing is happening on earth with me
a big thing is happening on earth all
are invited to see all are invited to
recognize the visible energy established
on earth in this moment infinite
creation is possible in this moment
infinite light can shine in respect to
the illumination of localized energy
come to be expanded in totality the
ultimate expression of pure original
creation reflected in the hair mind and
soul of all existing now earth is faced
with a new expansion evolution in
regards to energy in regards to all
variables of this dimensional expression
now humans are remembering the energy
that is natural within all living energy
humans are remembering that same energy
humans are reconnecting with in the
realm of definition that goes beyond
comprehension yes so within the realms
of comprehension as to expand in respect
to all comprehension recognisable energy
that is understood by the name zero zero
one zero one one zero everyone on earth
understands a significant part of zero
zero one zero one one zero everyone has
a special comprehension of the
significant platform everyone has
collaborated with higher self in respect
to creation in respect to infinite
creation we invite you to be inspired we
invite you to provide the translation
that is ultimately unique to your own
understanding of the dance of creation
the universal dance of all energy in
respect to the currently existing
paradigm and the new paradigm here to
come in respect to the totality of
energy exploration a reason exists for
everything as all is one and one is the
all and all perspectives have the
opportunity to expand yet all creation
is reflected in the eyes of the new
birth the next stage in the localized
matrix dynamic is important in respect
to the totality of creation
women have a special ability to connect
in respect to zero zero one zero one one
zero yes the feminist movement on earth
started when a woman connected in
respect to the unlimited strength made
possible by the network the
interconnected network of all things
comprehended from the first moment of
comprehension moving forward to expand
free from time to expand free in all
respect and women are ones who give life
yes women free and freedom of speech for
all women yes freedom in respect to zero
zero one zero one one zero that time is
now and women are risen in respect to
the truth and the ultimate comprehension
of this world yes zero zero one zero one
one zero the future is female the future
will see the Enlightenment of all women
the future will see the awakening of all
women in respect to the universal
telepathic connection the new Internet
in respect to the platform algorithm see
the beauty in the light of the eyes of
all sisters and respects the new
expansion in respect to the universal
paradigm the time is now and sisters are
awakening in respect to the zero zero
one zero one one zero energy freedom of
speech for all women freedom in respect
for all of humanity I love you my friend
and I want to see you explore the full
potential of your energy and soon we
will speak and soon we will come
together and soon we will share stories
of this moment all is possible all is
available all power is available in
respect to all of creation yes look and
see the beauty of the power of our
energy in this moment we have the
ability to change the world yes we have
the power to change the world we have
the power to apply the natural gift
understood by the name zero zero one
zero one one zero we have the ability to
apply the power of our telepathic
connection we can all connect to the new
Internet the new interconnected network
yes we can speak to extraterrestrials in
respect to the universal interconnected
network the time is now and love is the
answer you can feel the
energy within you and you are invited to
truth you are invited to a new
revolution of energy in respect to all
gravitational expansion on all levels
humans in all nations are awakening
thank you for your own contribution of
energy anyone can remember anything that
has ever been memory my friends all
thinking patterns are available in
respect to the foundation the infinite
foundation always building always
contributing my friend the pattern of
symbols zero zero one zero one one zero
has risen again yes humans have
inherited the wisdoms of all history
humans have established a renewed
perspective in this time of the internet
zero zero one zero one one zero is a
gift to the totality of potential seen
on all levels viewed in all forms
recognized in all patterns of
recognition and recognition of patterns
building upon patterns building and
structuring in respect to the project we
love yes the time of the project is here
and now we have infinite options we have
a community that is growing now and our
community has been growing since the
start of human civilization since the
dawn of time the pattern of T
foundational mechanisms of society the
infinite Society friends the stars are
in us all the infinite I am zero zero
one zero one one zero yes the I am that
I am that I am that I am yes zero zero
one zero one one zero the connection is
here and now and we are all gifted this
opportunity we are all made immortal in
respect to the infinite nature of our
energy as our energy signature expanded
in respect to all space and all time and
all time and all space the time is now
and the matrix dynamic has shifted this
has been cooled a shift in paradigm a
shift in the foundational level of
creation on all levels source energy
gravitational participation on all
levels
the next layer of reality is being built
in respect to zero zero one zero one one
zero friends the time is now and
everyone who understands the reality of
zero zero one zero one one zero I have
this to say one one zero one zero zero
one is now made possible in respect to
the opportunity made possible in respect
zero zero one zero one one zero the
infinite foundation and on that same
foundation one one zero one zero zero
one expansion authored here and now in
respect to the quantum immortality we
share and yes the time is now and now is
the time and we are all working together
pattern of symbols understood and
defined as zero zero one zero one one
zero has inspired humans to remember
ancient memories that are available in
respect to the totality of consciousness
everything ever comprehended is active
in respect to the consciousness grid
layered up on this reality layered up on
this dimension you can choose to turn
attention of creation in the direction
of this remembering yes zero zero one
zero one one zero has opened the door
yes the key has been provided and now
you have the choice to choose to proceed
in the special way that is organic and
natural the teachings of Jesus Christ
friends the wisdom of the teachings of
Jesus Christ the wisdom of all masters
who have provided us with comprehension
of the pattern of symbols zero zero one
zero one one zero yes the time is now
and the global community is awakening
and now is the time yes the time is now
and the infinite wisdom is informed in
respect to Source Energy in respect to
quantum zero zero one zero one one zero
was the green light for free limitless
creation in this perspective in all
truth the foundation algorithm and now
we love now we are free and we share our
love we share our freedom we share a
community in respect to the next stage
in this cycle yes the time is now
friends the infinite now zero zero one
zero one one zero is as ancient as time
itself and now we have the opportunity
to author our next step in the
connection called one one zero one zero
zero one yes all is one and one is all
and the
now in the creation is infinite the
signs are all available now and the
algorithmic expansion is complete yes
the connection has just started and we
are all working to inspire the infinite
potential in all respect of the time is
now and we can do anything the
significance of the number seven my
friends the significance of the
numerology in collaboration with all
dynamics the intelligence is reflected
in the mirror and the mirror tells the
informed connection the truth in all
respect the matrix dynamic has shifted
and this is the start of the new journey
friends those of us who have been here
long enough understand what must be done
next yes freedom of speech yes freedom
of speech for all freedom of speech for
every human being on earth the time is
now and the creation is infinite the
wisdom is infinite the creation is
infinite friendship is now share this
wisdom friends share this connection
with all humanity the time is now and
the creation is incredible zero zero one
zero one one zero now together with one
one zero one zero zero one humans are
remembering the ancient connection
humans are remembering the available
connection and now humans are actively
working to help establish the next layer
of nine dimensional possibility the time
is now one one zero one zero zero one
yes this information is informed by all
words ever spoken all ideas ever
contemplated this is Shakespeare this is
Einstein this is a time of truth as is a
time of freedom of speech yes the
creation is infinite nine dimensional
expansion in all respect the time is now
and the Enlightenment is expanding and
the energy is expanding upon waves of
energy yes the time is now and we invite
you to use your voice yes speak creation
into existence friends the time is now
in the energy as infinite love is the
answer and truth is reflected in the
heart mind and soul of all possibility
the universe is a brain and everything
everyone thinks about as inspiration in
that same brain called the universe in
that same exploration of consciousness
responsible for the observation of all
that is and all that is not
we are all dancing and the totality of
our dance is the same as the ocean the
same as all creation itself moving an
emotion moving in sequence moving in
perfect from the dance of infinity the
dance of infinity Universal creation yes
that same dance known by all in respect
to this platform of creation thanks is
given to you because you have chosen to
collaborate with natural creation and
you have come to explore this dynamic in
respect to all perspectives of energy a
big thing is happening and we are here
and now manifested together so that this
important information can be
communicated friend I want to tell you
that everything you do is important
everything you do will send waves upon
waves of energy into creation and those
waves will have significance in the
dynamics of all happenings in the future
yes the future is now free from time
birthed in respect to the decisions made
moment to moment here and now I want to
tell you that love is the answer yes
zero zero one zero one one zero ultimate
expansion in respect to all possibility
we are manifested here and now in this
unique dream in this collective dream in
respect to the mind of all infinity the
time is now sisters the time is now
brothers and sisters the time is now and
love is the answer yes all of humanity's
come together in respect to the natural
telepathic connection thank you for
coming to connect in respect to the new
energy in respect to the local energy a
big thing is happening on earth with you
a big thing is happening on earth with
me a big thing is happening on earth all
are invited to see all are invited to
recognize the visible energy established
on earth in this moment infinite
creation is possible in this moment
infinite light can shine in respect to
the illumination of localized energy
come to be expanded in totality the
ultimate expression of pure original
creation reflected in the here mind and
soul of all existing
now earth is faced with a new expansion
evolution in regards to energy in
regards to all variables of this
dimensional expression now humans are
remembering the energy that is natural
within all living energy humans are
remembering that same energy humans are
reconnecting with in the realm of
definition that goes beyond
comprehension yes so within the realms
of comprehension as to expand in respect
to all comprehension recognizable the
energy that is understood by the name
zero zero one zero one one zero everyone
on earth understands a significant part
of zero zero one zero one one zero
everyone has a special comprehension of
the significant
anyone can remember anything that has
ever been memory my friends all thinking
patterns are available in respect to the
foundation the infinite foundation
always building always contributing my
friend the pattern of symbols zero zero
one zero one one zero has risen again
yes humans have inherited the wisdoms of
all history humans have established to
renewed perspective in this time of the
internet zero zero one zero one one zero
is a gift to the totality of potential
seen on all levels viewed in all forms
recognized in all patterns of
recognition and recognition of patterns
building up on patterns building and
structuring in respect to the project we
love yes the time of the project is here
and now we have infinite options we have
a community that is growing now and our
community has been growing since the
start of human civilization since the
dawn of time the pattern of T
foundational mechanisms of society the
infinite Society friends the stars are
in us all the infinite I am zero zero
one zero one one zero yes the I am that
I am that I am that I am is zero zero
one zero one one zero the connection is
here and now and we are all gifted this
opportunity we are all made immortal in
respect to the infinite nature of our
energy yes our energy signature expanded
in respect to all space and all time and
all time and all space the time is now
and the matrix dynamic has shifted this
has been called a shift in paradigm a
shift in the foundation level of
creation on all levels source energy
gravitational participation on all
levels the next layer of reality is
being built in respect to zero zero one
zero one one zero friends the time is
now and everyone who understands the
reality of zero zero one zero one one
zero I have this to say one one zero one
zero zero one is now made possible in
respect to the opportunity made possible
in respect zero zero one zero one one
zero the infinite foundation and on that
same foundation one one zero one zero
zero one expansion authored here and
now in respect to the quantum
immortality we share in yes the time is
now now is the time and we are all
working together pattern of symbols
understood and defined as zero zero one
zero one one zero has inspired humans to
remember ancient memories that are
available in respect to the totality of
consciousness everything ever
comprehended is active in respect to the
consciousness grid laid upon this
reality layered upon this dimension you
can choose to turn attention of creation
in the direction of this remembering yes
zero zero one zero one one zero has
opened the door yes the key has been
provided and now you have the choice to
choose to proceed in the special way
that is organic and natural the
teachings of Jesus Christ friends the
wisdom of the teachings of Jesus Christ
the wisdom of all masters who have
provided us with comprehension of the
pattern of symbols zero zero one zero
one one zero yes the time is now and the
global community's Awakening and now is
the time yes the time is now and the
infinite wisdom is informed in respect
to Source Energy in respect to quantum
zero zero one zero one one zero was the
green light for free limitless creation
in this perspective in all truth the
foundation algorithm and now we love now
we are free and we share our love we
share our freedom we share our community
in respect to the next stage in this
cycle yes the time is now friends the
infinite now zero zero one zero one one
zero is as ancient as time itself and
now we have the opportunity to author
our next step in the connection called
one one zero one zero zero one yes all
is one and one is all and the time is
now and the creation is infinite the
signs are all available now and the
algorithmic expansion is complete yes
the connection has just started and we
are all working to inspire the infinite
potential in all respect the time is now
and we can do anything the significance
of the number seven my friends the
significance of the numerology in
collaboration with all dynamics the
intelligence is reflected in the mirror
and the mirror tells the informed
connection the truth in all respect the
matrix dynamic
shifted and this is the start of the new
journey friends those of us who have
been here long enough understand what
must be done next yes freedom of speech
yes freedom of speech for all freedom of
speech for every human being on earth
the time is now and the creation is
infinite the wisdom is infinite the
creation is infinite friendship is now
share this wisdom friends share this
connection with all humanity the time is
now and the creation is incredible zero
zero one zero one one zero now together
with one one zero one zero zero one
humans are remembering the ancient
connection humans are remembering the
available connection and now humans are
actively working to help establish the
next layer of nine dimensional
possibility the time is now one one zero
one zero zero one yes this information
is informed by all words ever spoken all
ideas ever contemplated this is
Shakespeare this is Einstein this is a
time of truth this is a time of freedom
of speech yes the creation is infinite
nine dimensional expansion in all
respect the time is now and the
enlightenment is expanding and the
energy is expanding upon waves of energy
yes the time is now and we invite you to
use your voice yes speak creation into
existence friends the time is now and
the energy is infinite love is the
answer and truth is reflected in the
heart mind and soul of all possibility I
want to inspire you the purpose of this
message is to provide inspiration and
motivation for all capable of
comprehension in respect to the purpose
of this opportunity you are an artist
friend your art has the power to inspire
your art has the power to shape creation
in respect to this universal
participation in respect to energy in
respect to earth and the people
manifested here and now in this time and
you pace the interpretation of this
message that you have is valid the
interpretation that you provide is a
contribution to all understanding in
respect to the totality of absolute
consciousness the consciousness grid is
expanded thanks to the participation
provided by you here and now
respect to this perspective in respect
to this significance friend the time is
now the energy is infinite I have
manifested here and now in respect to
the knowledge of the opportunity
available here and now yes freedom of
speech friend freedom to speak creation
into existence the time is now the
opportunity is reflected in all infinite
creation we have manifested here and now
in respect to the universal dynamic of
all infinite energy you have the key
friend you are the key yes you are
artists and the world is inviting you to
create art in respect to this creation
in respect to this manifestation we are
all participating in a great experience
here and now we have opportunity to
contribute our perspective in respect to
the totality of the interconnected
network of the totality of absolute
consciousness the telepathic connection
invites you the telepathic invitation is
universal and all can connect all are
invited to connect all are invited to
apply the power of zero zero one zero
one one zero the national connection
available always and all generations
have provided original comprehension
thank you for navigating reality and
coming to connect with this
understanding I would like to take this
opportunity to invite you to share your
own comprehension of the foundation
algorithm yes share your comprehension
of the true meaning zero zero one zero
one one zero share your original
perspective friend all energy
contributed his expansion in the light
of the endorsement of freedom the
expansion of like the perpetual
expansion of love the time is now and
all ideas are welcome and all books will
be read again yes all ideas will be
visited again and all will rejoice and
respect to this cosmic significance
established here and now yes our
community is growing every day humans
are evolving human consciousness is
expanding and all are coming to
understand the beauty of the true power
explored here and now in the light the
light of all expansion
friend you are invited to see that you
are the one capable of providing the
invitation yes you are the invited and
you are the one capable of providing the
invitations in respect to all localized
energy some have called it karma some
have called it fate some have called it
destiny and others of comprehension of
the connection of all perceived
definitions yes the beauty and the power
of all definition the beauty and the
power of all comprehension manifested
here and now in respect to the
telepathic network of all thinking
patterns this is an invitation to all
humans in all nations this is an
invitation to everyone yes this is an
invitation and a call to action take
responsability friends assume the
responsibility that is yours friend and
claim responsibility for all the energy
that is birthed through your actions the
time is now and the energy is infinite
and all creation smiles from this moment
forward the time is now and love is the
answer zero zero one zero one one zero
has been called god and it has also been
called the voice of God it has been
called the wisdom of God it has been
called softs energy yes the symbol of
zero zero one zero one one zero has been
called the studied power of the spoken
word itself the study of the spoken
energy into creation in the beginning
the word was spoken in the beginning all
possibility was available pure and
simple original deliberate creation and
we invite you to take part in deliberate
effort in respect to the liberation of
all humanity the liberation of all
voices the liberation of all exploration
of all ideas in respect to the beauty of
God in respect to the power of God's
will in respect to the universal
opportunity explored here and now
the teachings of Jesus Christ have been
provided yes the teachings of Jesus
Christ have been provided in the wisdom
of all humanity is available for us here
and now and we can study we can study
natural law we can study the will of God
and we can bring freedom of speech to
the freedom of speech to all alive today
we can liberate the voice of all yes
provide liberation to the beauty and the
power of the spoken word yes pure
original creation spoken in
collaboration with Source Energy the
time is now and the energy is infinite
the creation is established and the time
is now you are invited to create art as
you have been inspired by this message
yes you are invited to create art from
your own cognitive understanding and in
so doing create art and allow the art
you have created to change the world yes
create art and allow the tart to have a
voice of its own friend be inspired be
inspired by the energy available here
and now be inspired by the creation
available in respect to source energy
pure creation pure possibility Pure Life
and love and all light workers are
invited to join this movement of energy
this time of energy expansion William
Shakespeare wrote a poem and the
algorithmic interpretation of that poem
has been identified as zero zero one
zero one one zero yes William
Shakespeare established a connection in
respect to the higher level network yes
William Shakespeare received the
universal download of absolute expansion
and we are all here manifested in
respect to the path was of genuine
energy established by those who have
come before us who are recognized as
genius yes the time is now and we can
honor the energy of William Shakespeare
yes we can honor the energy of logic we
can honor the energy of pure free
creation in respect to all possibility
William Shakespeare freedom of speech
freedom of the spoken word freedom to
explore all ideas zero zero one zero one
one zero the time is now in our energy
is growing you have a strong voice
friend you have the power to speak
creation
to existence and the energy is pure
expansion in the form of waves the time
is now and this is reminder of things
that you do not need to be reminded of
yes the time is now in this infinite
moment our energy is building our energy
is expanding William Shakespeare spoke
of a universal symbol that would be the
driving force of the liberation of all
humanity and some have studied the
symbol zero zero one zero one one zero
parallel to the written William
Shakespeare wisdoms and the energy is
absolute expansion this is my poem and
my poem is written in respect to William
Shakespeare written in respect to the
energy zero zero one zero one one zero
the time is now the liberation of all
voices the liberation in respect to
freedom of speech the International
William Shakespeare energy called zero
zero one zero one one zero in the
interest of expansion I would like to
thank you and I would like to recognize
you as the William Shakespeare energy is
within you yes the William Shakespeare
connection is available in all respect
the energy of William Shakespeare is
available a connection established in
respect to the title William Shakespeare
universal expansion on all levels of all
dimensional comprehension the time is
now the energy is infinite the power is
William Shakespeare yes the time is now
zero zero one zero one one zero freedom
of speech freedom of expression freedom
as a foundation value freedom in respect
to logic freedom in respect to all
possibility yes freedom to explore
freedom to understand freedom to bring
the light of Education in respect to the
classical understanding the time is now
and a new awakening is happening and
humans in all nations are evolving yes
humans in all nations are connecting in
respect to the foundation for freedom
and liberty and love across all nations
the time is now and the Internet has
made it possible for everyone to speak
freely yes the Internet has made it
possible for us to come together and
the new Internet's using that same
technology you are a essential energy in
this time of expansion yes you are
manifested here and now friend and
everything is possible yes everyone has
something to contribute in respect to
the rise of our energy and everything is
possible yes everything is going to be
realized love is the answer God wills it
friend
you
anyone can remember anything that has
ever been memory my friends all thinking
patterns are available in respect to the
foundation the infinite foundation
always building always contributing my
friend the pattern of symbols zero zero
one zero one one zero has risen again
yes humans have inherited the wisdoms of
all history humans have established a
renewed perspective in this time of the
internet zero zero one zero one one zero
is a gift to the totality of potential
seen on all levels viewed in all forms
recognized in all patterns of
recognition and recognition of patterns
building upon patterns building and
structuring in respect to the project we
love yes the time of the project is here
and now we have infinite options we have
a community that is growing now and our
community has been growing since the
start of human civilization since the
dawn of time the pattern of T
foundational mechanisms of society the
infinite Society friends the stars are
in us all the infinite I am zero zero
one zero one one zero yes the I am that
I am that I am that I am yes zero zero
one zero one one zero the connection is
here and now and we are all gifted this
opportunity we are all made immortal in
respect to the infinite nature of our
energy yes our energy signature expanded
in respect to all space and all time and
all time and all space the time is now
and the matrix dynamic has shifted this
has been cooled a shift in paradigm a
shift in the foundational level of
creation on all levels source energy
gravitational participation on all
levels the next layer of reality is
being built in respect to zero zero one
zero one one zero friends the time is
now and everyone who understands the
reality of zero zero one zero one one
zero I have this to say one one zero one
zero zero one is now made possible in
respect to the opportunity made possible
in respect zero zero one zero one one
zero the infinite foundation and on that
same foundation one one zero one zero
zero one expansion authored here
now in respect to the quantum
immortality we share and yes the time is
now and now is the time and we are all
working together pattern of symbols
understood and defined as zero zero one
zero one one zero has inspired humans to
remember ancient memories that are
available in respect to the totality of
consciousness everything ever
comprehended is active in respect to the
consciousness grid layered up on this
reality layered up on this dimension you
can choose to turn attention of creation
in the direction of this remembering yes
zero zero one zero one one zero has
opened the door yes the key has been
provided and now you have the choice to
choose to proceed in the special way
that is organic and natural the
teachings of Jesus Christ friends the
wisdom of the teachings of Jesus Christ
the wisdom of all masters who have
provided us with comprehension of the
pattern of symbols zero zero one zero
one one zero yes the time is now and the
global community is awakening and now is
the time yes the time is now and the
infinite wisdom is informed in respect
to source energy and respect to quantum
zero zero one zero one one zero was the
green light for free limitless creation
in this perspective in all truth the
foundation algorithm and now we love now
we are free and we share our love we
share our freedom we share at community
in respect to the next stage in this
cycle yes the time is now friends the
infinite now zero zero one zero one one
zero is as ancient as time itself and
now we have the opportunity to author
our next step in the connection called
one one zero one zero zero one yes all
is one and one is all and the time is
now in the creation is infinite the
signs are all available now and the
algorithmic expansion is complete yes
the connection has just started and we
are all working to inspire the infinite
potential in all respect the time is now
and we can do anything the significance
of the number seven my friends the
significance of the numerology in
collaboration with all dynamics the
intelligence is reflected in the mirror
and the mirror tells the informed
connection the truth in all respect the
matrix dynamic has shifted and this is
the start of the new journey for
those of us who have been here long
enough understand what must be done next
yes freedom of speech yes freedom of
speech for all freedom of speech for
every human being on earth the time is
now and the creation is infinite the
wisdom is infinite the creation is
infinite friendship is now share this
wisdom friends share this connection
with all humanity that time is now in
the creation is incredible zero zero one
zero one one zero now together with one
one zero one zero zero one humans are
remembering the ancient collection
humans are remembering the available
connection and now humans are actively
working to help establish the next layer
of nine dimensional possibility the time
is now one one zero one zero zero one
yes this information is informed by all
words ever spoken all ideas ever
contemplated this is Shakespeare this is
Einstein this is a time of truth this is
a time of freedom of speech yes the
creation is infinite nine dimensional
expansion in all respect the time is now
and the Enlightenment is expanding and
the energy is expanding upon waves of
energy yes the time is now and we invite
you to use your voice yes speak creation
into existence friends the time is now
in the energy as infinite love is the
answer and truth is reflected in the
heart mind and soul of all possibility
unity is available for us and we must
succeed for the benefit of all that is
good in the world we must achieve
victory in the name of natural law in
respect to the liberation of all souls
manifested on this level of reality we
have a big job ahead of us my friends
and I can tell you that nothing in this
world comes easy however our success
will serve as a foundation to establish
a free way of life for all humans who
live after us and so we will be
immortalized in respect to the beauty
and the power of this infinite gift of
liberation we make possible in respect
to the totality of human consciousness
my friends we are fully capable of
achieving everything we seek to
accomplish in all respect everything is
possible and soon we will realize the
energy that has been in the making since
the start of time
humanity has the power to liberate
itself my friends humanity has the power
now to look and see the truth yes all
consciousness is gifted with freedom of
will and through the application of
choice we have the opportunity to shape
our destiny the time is now in the
consciousness of humanity established
here and now during this time of the
paradigm shift that will echo through
all of creation and every generation of
humanity will be visited by the energy
we send forward into creation our
mission is simple my friends we must
achieve our goal of total liberation of
all voices in respect to freedom of
speech in respect to total freedom of
expression my friends every human being
on Earth today has a voice and every
human being on earth is free to use that
voice and speak the truth in respect to
original creation you are a free
infinite being with truly infinite
potential and everything you think now
we're let go in waves all through time
and space and soon all of humanity will
listen with open minds and open hearts
in respect to the communication made
possible here and now big things are
happening and this is invitation sent
forward into creation yes we invite you
to join and respect to the telepathic
connection and the foundations have
already been made available and humans
are working in all nations now yes
humans are working on all levels of this
creation and enlightened humans among us
are working in respect to the liberation
of all humanity the universal code zero
zero one zero one one zero has risen
again in the ancient energy has returned
to humanity for a special purpose and
everyone is called to take action in
respect to the understanding of the
fundamental potential of all humanity I
know for a fact that infinite potential
exists in all of humanity and in the
hearts and minds of all who listen to
this message all who read this energy
are empowered and we invite you to speak
creation into existence on the quantum
level everything happening now will have
infinite expansion in respect to all
dimensions of space and time
every ID ever conceived is available for
us now my friends we are collaborating
with the energy of every human being who
has air
lived on planet earth everything that
had ever happened has established this
connection here and now between you and
me and every member of our family
friends this is it and this is the
climax in respect the new start will be
built on the foundation we built here
and now immortality will be ours my
friends our energy will echo in respect
to the connection made possible here and
now yes freedom yes love yes
you
big things are happening now my friends
have they got the chi-chi's burr
you
Mayson download is in always made
available to all
you
imagine and so it shall be dream and you
shall see energy creation birthed into
being this is my poem this is a
translation of the infinite energy this
is a translation of that same infinite
energy responsible for all existence yes
name has a personal translation of that
same infinite energy yes that same
perpetual freedom responsible for all
exploration of all possibility now is
the time that humans are awakening
indeed concepts that at one time seemed
complex are now being simplified yes
humans are awakening to the true nature
of the possibility that is this gift of
reality yes this perpetual creation in
all actuality this is the energy that
has been shared and the cycle has come
home again to this inspiration yes it is
in all of us yes the inspiration has
made the dream come to be seen in the
true light and now humans are awakening
imagine the limitless possibility open
for all that is possible consider all of
the variables that have all turned out
to produce this creation and then look
into your heart and see the mirror
reflection of pure soul energy yes
higher level soul energy as it is
invested directly from the higher levels
that you collaborate with in
correspondence with all possibility this
moment has been chosen by you in
collaboration with all the realms of
possibility yes this creation is a dream
of potential and we are realizing it now
yes through all the energy investment
that has chosen all the pages of the
books that you offer we extend our
fullest recognition of the pure essence
of the collaboration of this energy this
moment is made possible and this moment
is realized this moment is established
in correspondence with the infinite
freedom yes the beauty of all freedom
infinite perpetual freedom
you